There’s lot of space.
Ask, these girls others.
Please, come forward.
There’s lot of space.
You all can come here.
I am
very happy to see so many of you are here
and that Sahaja Yoga is growing so fast,
it’s something very, very satisfying.
Welcome.
Also in Hong Kong and Taipei.
I was so very happy to meet
people of different communities,
following different religions,
coming to Sahaja Yoga and
unite together in a big way.
It was really so satisfying.
What we need now is unity and also peace.
If our children have to grow properly,
first thing you should have, is peace.
But there is so much of violence,
so much of distraction for children.
And if you see the world around,
you’d be shocked how things are happening.
Especially with this American democracy,
I don’t know what they are doing.
The children are killing the parents,
the parents are killing the children,
all kinds of things.
Not only violence but immoral,
extremely immoral.
Now we have to understand
that we must have self-respect
and we are Sahaja Yogis.
That’s why we have our own culture in Sahaja Yoga,
culture of purity and innocence and love.
And I am so very happy that you
are here now in Sahaja Yoga.
I’ve been coming here so many times,
so many years.
But I’m very happy to see all of you here.
First of all, it’s important,
we should see what we have to achieve.
Very important.
You should have the full Self-knowledge.
And after that, we can look after people,
we can give them Realization.
We are all very capable, all
over the world, I have seen.
In some places, somehow, it works slowly,
and in some places it works very fast.
Like in Russia, imagine, just like fire!
Posturing there, in one place in Togliatti,
we have 21,000 Sahaja Yogis, in one place.
And here I’ve been coming
since long, to Kuala Lumpur,
I don’t know how many years.
And what we see is, slowly people are [coming].
I can’t say why,
but it’s very difficult to
understand why not, do Sahaja Yoga.
Also, they come but they would not meditate,
they would not come to collective.
It’s very sad [unsure], as
if something is missing.
For Russians, it’s so easy, I mean,
they just got surrendered to it, absolutely.
They’re so great.
I mean,
[Shri Mataji is laughing]
there’s a joke.
They had called us for a Diwali Puja.
So many Americans also came,
all those Sahaja Yogis were there.
So she – the joke is like this that,
one of the Russians asked, you see,
from Togliatti, to an American,
“How many Sahaja Yogis you are in America?”
So he said, “We are 56”.
“Oh my God, there are 56,000.
We are 21, only 21,000 in Togliatti”.
Can you imagine?
[Shri Mataji is laughing]
But once you settle down in Sahaja Yoga properly,
then others will see you,
and you will be very much impressed by you.
Because you’ll have that peace,
you’ll have that joy.
Also you will have, we can say, that personality,
that people will be surprised,
“Look at them, how are they?
How can they be like this?”
And this is what we have to work out.
It’s not difficult, I can tell you,
but collectivity is very important.
If you are not collective, it doesn’t work out.
We have to understand that collectivity
is a very important part of Sahaja Yoga.
I’m sure it will come up
and you will come up also very well.
I wanted you all to come to Ganapatipule.
Also, they have reduced the price and
all that for Ganapatipule very much.
Because if you do the whole
Tour, then it’s difficult,
because quite a lot has to be paid, you see.
But otherwise, only if you
are coming to Ganapatipule,
it’s much cheaper.
Everybody can afford it, it’s not so much.
Because if you are coming all the way,
then we have to pay for the
buses, for the trains, you know,
various places.
This time specially, they went to jungles
and they had to go on taxis
because buses were not available.
So it turns out to be very expensive, that part.
But Ganapatipule is all right,
about, I think it is ten
days you have to take leave.
Whatever suits you, please try to come,
because then the collectivity is much more.
Some people went to Calcutta.
Did anybody go to Calcutta for My birthday? No.
And they were telling Me that, “We just got lost.
We didn’t know where we were.
Such an enjoyment, such happiness!
We were just lost in the joy of meeting everyone
from all over the world”.
They have made very good arrangements also,
very good people [unclear].
And they did very well.
I must say, even the Germans were surprised
the way they organized
everything, every bit of it.
Meeting the collective only,
you grow, I have seen it.
In your own collective,
then renew [unsure] some or other,
try to meet the global collective also.
So, you know all your brothers
and sisters all over the world.
It’s nice to have all the
connections with all of them.
So, you feel very confident about Sahaja Yoga.
And they are so happy, all of them.
It is some sort of a tremendous joy
of meeting somebody who is your own.
It’s like this.
We had one Muslim, Djamel,
and they wanted to go to Hajj.
So, he told his parents, “Why do
you want to go for Hajj to Mecca?
Mecca is now in London.
So, you go there and you meet Mother”.
So, the parents came there and met Me.
And they said, “You are Mecca”.
I said, “All right, whatever you say. I agree”.
But the Muslims are difficult, that way.
Djamel and all that, all of them,
all those Muslims are in Paris or somewhere else.
So, they have joined Sahaja Yoga
and they are very powerful Sahaja Yogis.
They have Hamid, Akbar, all of them.
But the best part of it, this time,
I met somebody very important.
His name was Rohani Ayatollah.
And he is one of the Ayatollahs, five Ayatollahs,
one of them was killed, you
see, he died, four are left.
So, he came to see Me in the ashram [in Paris].
Very rich man but very humble.
Then he invited Me for-
then he came to our program, got his Realization,
very humble.
He put his both the hands like this,
[Shri Mataji raises her hands, with
2 fingers forming the ‘V’ of victory]
started dancing, an old man.
Then he called Me to his house for dinner.
He said, “Now you tell me where I have to go,
what I have to do, I’ll talk to anyone.
They are calling me in Algeria”.
I said, “If they are calling you
in Algeria, you’d better go”.
And he was little worried because
Algeria is a very turbulent country.
He went there, solved the problem, came back.
Now he wants to go alone because his own brother,
his own younger brother,
has been elected now in Iran
instead of this fellow.
And he said that, “Still not
he’s taken over but he’s there”.
So, through him, we can work it out very well.
It’s a very powerful man, very sensible.
And he says, “Mother, this is the
only way you can unite Muslims,
either, they will be all finished.
Everywhere they are killed and
this happening, that happening”.
Somebody has to tell them that
the time of resurrection has come.
And they said that, “There is a
written thing about the Qiyamah”.
It’s the resurrection time.
They call it the 12th Al-mahdi, Al-mahdi.
So, you see, actually, in the previous
Persian language are [unclear] the primordial.
And ‘am, amah’ means Mother.
So, the primordial Mother will come.
It’s according to the
Zoroastrian, who was there before.
But I don’t know how far the
Muslims will listen to it.
Because they are – either will
be destroyed or will be finished,
the way they are doing thing.
So, I’m sure it will work
out in some proper manner,
so that they are saved after
all, they are also human beings.
So, we have to pray also that
they get wisdom to understand.
Also lots of Chinese, we
have you got them in Taiwan.
Lots.
Hong Kong, where there is quite a lot.
But Taipei were such good Chinese.
All were Chinese also, in Taipei, all.
And there, we had lots of Japanese this time.
It’s very surprising how Japanese
are taking to Sahaja Yoga.
Very serious.
And the questions they asked were so nice.
“How do we meditate? When do we meditate?”
All such questions, very positive.
So, Japanese are taking now to Sahaja Yoga.
They were at least five hundred persons there.
It was very satisfying.
So, now we have to have various people also here,
and also Chinese that are here.
I’m sure this will work out very well
if we just understand that we
have to be all right first.
And then, we have to make others all right.
Tomorrow after the program, I’ll tell them
that I can meet you here.
So, you can come tomorrow after the program.
And if you have any personal problems,
you can write it down and keep it here,
so that I’ll deal with it tomorrow.
What is it, that?
Now.
I’ve been talking, talking so much now.
Little bit that throat also.
[Shri Mataji takes something against her coughing]
So, if you have any questions or any problems,
please write it down and send it over.
Tomorrow, I’ll answer.
Tomorrow after the program.
All right?
May God bless you.
I’m sure tomorrow it will work out.
And we’ll get more people, I’m sure.
The advertisements are also in Chinese or not?
Sahaja Yogi: Only in English.
Shri Mataji: For everyone, only English?
But Chinese understand?
Sahaja Yogi: Yes.
Shri Mataji: They understand English.
Sahaja Yogi: Most of them.
Shri Mataji: All right.
May God bless you.